README.adoc, before:

Homebrew Tap for Palm OS Utilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This repository contains Homebrew formulae for working with Palm OS devices.

pilot-link
^^^^^^^^^^

pilot-link is a suite of tools for connecting to Palm OS devices on Unix-like
systems. The original website (http://www.pilot-link.org) is now defunct, but
you can refer to the man pages (e.g.
http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/en/man1/pilot-xfer.1.html[here]) and online
resources for help. A good place to start would be the
http://www.tldp.org/HOWTO/PalmOS-HOWTO/pilotlink.html[TLDP pilot-link HOWTO].

To install:
----
$ brew tap jichu4n/palm-os
$ brew install pilot-link
----

prc-tools
^^^^^^^^^

http://prc-tools.sourceforge.net/[prc-tools] is a collection of tools supporting
C and C++ programming for Palm OS. It supplies a full GCC cross-compilation
toolchain for https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000_series[m68k] and
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture[ARM], as well as Palm OS-specific
utilities.

This formula uses the
https://github.com/jichu4n/prc-tools-remix[prc-tools-remix] codebase, which
patches the last prc-tools release to compile and run on modern Linux and Mac OS
X.

To install:
----
$ brew tap jichu4n/palm-os
$ brew install prc-tools
----

The compilation takes about 5-10 minutes, as measured on a 2012 MacBook Pro
(Core i5 Ivy Bridge) and a 2014 MacBook Pro (Core i5 Haswell).

After install, prc-tools will look for Palm OS SDK files in
+/usr/local/opt/prc-tools/palmdev+.

Commit message:

Add formula for Palm OS SDK.

README.adoc, after:

Homebrew Tap for Palm OS Utilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This repository contains Homebrew formulae for working with Palm OS devices.

pilot-link
^^^^^^^^^^

pilot-link is a suite of tools for connecting to Palm OS devices on Unix-like
systems. The original website (http://www.pilot-link.org) is now defunct, but
you can refer to the man pages (e.g.
http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/en/man1/pilot-xfer.1.html[here]) and online
resources for help. A good place to start would be the
http://www.tldp.org/HOWTO/PalmOS-HOWTO/pilotlink.html[TLDP pilot-link HOWTO].

To install:
----
$ brew tap jichu4n/palm-os
$ brew install pilot-link
----

prc-tools
^^^^^^^^^

http://prc-tools.sourceforge.net/[prc-tools] is a collection of tools supporting
C and C++ programming for Palm OS. It supplies a full GCC cross-compilation
toolchain for https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_68000_series[m68k] and
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture[ARM], as well as Palm OS-specific
utilities.

This formula uses the
https://github.com/jichu4n/prc-tools-remix[prc-tools-remix] codebase, which
patches the last prc-tools release to compile and run on modern Linux and Mac OS
X.

To install:
----
$ brew tap jichu4n/palm-os
$ brew install prc-tools
----

The compilation takes about 5-10 minutes, as measured on a 2012 MacBook Pro
(Core i5 Ivy Bridge) and a 2014 MacBook Pro (Core i5 Haswell).

After install, prc-tools will look for Palm OS SDK files in
+/usr/local/opt/prc-tools/palmdev+. You can either download and extract the SDK
files yourself, or use the `palm-os-sdk` formula below.

palm-os-sdk
^^^^^^^^^^^

This formula will install https://github.com/jichu4n/palm-os-sdk[an archive] of
the official Palm OS SDK, for use with prc-tools.

To install:
----
$ brew tap jichu4n/palm-os
$ brew install palm-os-sdk
----

You will then need to run `palmdev-prep` to let prc-tools know about the SDK
location.
